README.md, before:

<pre>
       _..._                                  _..._                  
    .-'_..._''. .---.                      .-'_..._''.               
  .' .'      '.\|   |                    .' .'      '.\  .           
 / .'           |   |                   / .'           .'|           
. '             |   |              .|  . '            <  |           
| |             |   |    __      .' |_ | |             | |           
| |             |   | .:--.'.  .'     || |             | | .'''-.    
. '             |   |/ |   \ |'--.  .-'. '             | |/.'''. \   
 \ '.          .|   |`" __ | |   |  |   \ '.          .|  /    | |   
  '. `._____.-'/|   | .'.''| |   |  |    '. `._____.-'/| |     | |   
    `-.______ / '---'/ /   | |_  |  '.'    `-.______ / | |     | |   
             `       \ \._,\ '/  |   /              `  | '.    | '.  
                      `--'  `"   `'-'                  '---'   '---' 
</pre>

# Clatch

A Clojure-powered [Scratch](https://scratch.mit.edu/), built on top of [play-clj](https://github.com/oakes/play-clj).


## Motivation

To provide a transition path between Scratch and a general programming language.


## But why Clojure?

- Because it's a joy to write, really, it has close to no syntax, only structure,
- Because macros simplify the reification of Scratch building blocks,
- Because [play-clj](https://github.com/oakes/play-clj) is a super powerful game library, which can target desktop, iOS and Android platforms,
- Because [Nightmod](https://github.com/oakes/Nightmod) can deliver a Scratch-like programming experience.


> Copyright © 2015 David Dossot - MIT License.
> Media files come from https://github.com/LLK/Scratch_1.4 and are licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Generic (CC BY-SA 3.0) license.

Commit message:

started implementation of scripts support

README.md, after:

<pre>
       _..._                                  _..._                  
    .-'_..._''. .---.                      .-'_..._''.               
  .' .'      '.\|   |                    .' .'      '.\  .           
 / .'           |   |                   / .'           .'|           
. '             |   |              .|  . '            <  |           
| |             |   |    __      .' |_ | |             | |           
| |             |   | .:--.'.  .'     || |             | | .'''-.    
. '             |   |/ |   \ |'--.  .-'. '             | |/.'''. \   
 \ '.          .|   |`" __ | |   |  |   \ '.          .|  /    | |   
  '. `._____.-'/|   | .'.''| |   |  |    '. `._____.-'/| |     | |   
    `-.______ / '---'/ /   | |_  |  '.'    `-.______ / | |     | |   
             `       \ \._,\ '/  |   /              `  | '.    | '.  
                      `--'  `"   `'-'                  '---'   '---' 
</pre>

# Clatch

A Clojure-powered [Scratch](https://scratch.mit.edu/), built on top of [play-clj](https://github.com/oakes/play-clj).


## Motivation

To provide a transition path between Scratch and a general programming language.


## But why Clojure?

- Because it's a joy to write, really, it has close to no syntax, only structure,
- Because macros simplify the reification of Scratch building blocks,
- Because [play-clj](https://github.com/oakes/play-clj) is a super powerful game library, which can target desktop, iOS and Android platforms,
- Because [Nightmod](https://github.com/oakes/Nightmod) can deliver a Scratch-like programming experience.


## Contributions welcome!

Help with the following would be great:

- more support of core Scratch features,
- Leiningen template,
- Nightmod template.


> Copyright © 2015 David Dossot - MIT License.
> Media files come from https://github.com/LLK/Scratch_1.4 and are licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Generic (CC BY-SA 3.0) license.
